Sometimes I behave somewhat patriotically, sometimes pretending to be patriotic for comic reasons
Sometimes I will be honest
This is the honest time
Because I strongly believe that the British socket is one of the best designs
In the whole world
For many reasons, I mean: there are safety features that most people, at least
In Britain they know it
For example it is very difficult for a child to take a screwdriver
Trying to get him into a hole
For above, here is the earth (earth) or (karonde) among the Americans, this is for security
The holes here are warm and cool, where the danger lies. But there is a fault
On them. I can not "do not try to imitate me here" I can not insert the screwdriver in them
right Now
What I have to do is plug the ground pin - a bit longer - pin earth, here
Firstly. When it enters, the gullies rise, allowing the remaining pins to enter
Because this connection is poorly designed, I can
Put the socket inverted and therefore when you look at these blocks while inserting the ground pin
In this way you can now see open points for other pins
Thus you need a very genius child capable of doing so
And is subjected to electric shock .. So it is excellent security
What if we inserted the socket completely?
Because the US and European plugs when they are not fully inserted will have open electricity
Which can be touched if you put your finger in that area
Well .. not here
Because hot (neutral) and cold pins are found at the bottom, insulators extend to the middle
If the socket is inserted enough to connect the electricity
So
All you can touch is condoms
Well ... so this is clearly a security feature
What about inside?
It must be remembered that until 1992 the British government did not require the existence of plugs
In electrical appliances .. If you bought a toaster or washing machine
You will get a bare wire just behind the machine
You are asked to connect the plug yourself
So we learned in school how to plug plugs because it was a skill required to learn at the time
When open the socket
First there is a fuse (fuse) and this is an old thing that goes back to after the Second World War
There was a shortage of copper and it was much cheaper to install a fuse in each socket and it was built
The circuit in one loop rotates on the entire house
Instead of a lot of copper wires spin everywhere and fuse for each wire
Therefore, it was approved to build a huge circle in each house and put a fuse in the socket itself and thus more increase in safety
Then we come to the three wires
Blue (cool or neutral) to the left
Brown (hot or alive) to the right
You can also remember that warm is brown because this will be the color of your coat
When exposed to electric shock of this wire
Finally, this wire is green and yellow, which is the earth (ground)
In normal cases it is not used but it is essentially a back-line if an error occurs
If Shi got my electric plug inside the socket or inside the device ... this wire
Electricity will be kept away from people
Because if this ground wire was cut off and there was a problem ... well ... you could touch the iron surface
For the toaster the electricity will pass to earth on your way and through your heart
This is bad
So we have this wire and here we have very clever design
Most people do not know anything about it
Do you notice that the wire is slightly longer than the other wires? In case of wire tightening
The pins were extracted from their places. Hot and cold wires
They are the wires where the danger lies first
Followed by the ground wire
If the earth wire is damaged, it will be security
No one will be hurt
Here, the British Socket is truly one of the best designs I have ever had
With one exception which is when you throw it to the ground
If not in use
Pins are mostly going to be up and that means
At midnight when you step in it will be very painful
You can also remember that warm is brown because that is the color of your coat
When exposed to an electric shock of this wire, green wire and ...
Are you fine??
(Laughs) I did not expect to say it
No one can expect that
Haitham Almansour